rebel_type			Brigantes	//Britons
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Brigantes
unit				barb chariot heavy slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barbarian rebel general

rebel_type			Trinovantes	//Britons
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Trinovantes
unit				barb chariot heavy slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barbarian rebel general

rebel_type 			Suebi		//Germans
category			peasant_revolt
chance				3
description			Suebi
unit				barb cavalry slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				barbarian rebel general

rebel_type 			Saxones		//Germans
category			peasant_revolt
chance				3
description			Saxones
unit				barb cavalry slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				barbarian rebel general

rebel_type 			Gepids		//Germans
category			peasant_revolt
chance				3
description			Gepids
unit				barb cavalry slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				barbarian rebel general

rebel_type 			Amazons		//Scythians
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				6
description			Amazons
unit				rebel amazon chariots
unit				rebel amazon chariots
unit				rebel amazon chariots
unit				rebel amazon chariots
unit				rebel amazon chariots
unit				rebel amazon chariots
unit				rebel amazon chariots
unit				greek general's guard cavalry early

rebel_type 			Saka		//Scythians
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Saka
unit				east horse archer
unit				east horse archer
unit				east horse archer
unit				east horse archer
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Hibernians	//Britons
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Hibernians
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb druids slave
unit				barbarian rebel general

rebel_type 			Alans		//Scythians
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Alans
unit				barb horse archers slave
unit				barb horse archers slave
unit				barb horse archers slave
unit				barb cavalry slave
unit				merc sarmatian cavalry
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb archer slave
unit				barbarian rebel general

rebel_type 			Silures		//Britons
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				6
description			Silures	
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb druids slave
unit				barbarian rebel general

rebel_type 			Goths		//Germans
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				3
description			Goths
unit				barb cavalry slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				barbarian rebel general

rebel_type 			Sarmatians	//Scythians
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Sarmatians
unit				barb horse archers slave
unit				barb horse archers slave
unit				barb horse archers slave
unit				merc sarmatian cavalry
unit				merc sarmatian cavalry
unit				barb archer slave
unit				barb archer slave
unit				barbarian rebel general

rebel_type 			Iceni		//Britons
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				6
description			Iceni
unit				barb chariot heavy slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				barbarian rebel general
					
rebel_type 			Batavi		//Germans
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				3
description			Batavi
unit				barb cavalry slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				barbarian rebel general

rebel_type 			Chatti		//Germans
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				3
description			Chatti
unit				barb cavalry slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				barbarian rebel general

rebel_type 			Venedae		//dacians
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Venedae
unit				barb cavalry slave
unit				barb archer slave
unit				barb archer slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barbarian rebel general

rebel_type 			Marcomanni	//germans
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				3
description			Marcomanni
unit				barb cavalry slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				barbarian rebel general

rebel_type 			Belgae		//Britons
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Belgae
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				barb druids slave
unit				barbarian rebel general

rebel_type 			Maeotae 	//Scythians
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				3
description			Maeotae
unit				barb horse archers slave
unit				barb horse archers slave
unit				barb horse archers slave
unit				barb cavalry slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb archer slave
unit				barb archer slave
unit				barbarian rebel general

rebel_type 			Alamanni	//germans
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				3
description			Alamanni
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				barb cavalry slave
unit				barbarian rebel general

rebel_type 			Carnutes		//gauls
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Carnutes
unit				barb cavalry slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				barb druids slave
unit				barbarian rebel general
					
rebel_type 			Veneti		//gauls
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Veneti
unit				barb cavalry slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				barbarian rebel general
					
rebel_type 			Sequani		//gauls
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Sequani
unit				barb cavalry slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb druids slave
unit				barbarian rebel general

rebel_type 			Nervii		//gauls
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Nervii
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				barb druids slave
unit				barbarian rebel general

rebel_type 			Arverni		//gauls
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Arverni
unit				barb cavalry slave
unit				barb noble cavalry slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				barbarian rebel general

rebel_type 			Bituriges		//gauls
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Bituriges
unit				barb cavalry slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				barb druids slave
unit				barbarian rebel general

rebel_type 			Ausci		//gauls
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Ausci
unit				barb cavalry slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				barbarian rebel general

rebel_type 			Allobroges		//gauls
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Allobroges
unit				barb cavalry slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				barbarian rebel general

rebel_type 			Seduni		//gauls
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Seduni
unit				barb cavalry slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				barbarian rebel general

rebel_type 			Tectosages		//gauls
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Tectosages
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				barb cavalry slave
unit				barbarian rebel general

rebel_type 			Treveri		//germans
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Treveri
unit				barb cavalry slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				barbarian rebel general
					
rebel_type 			Boii		//gauls
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Boii
unit				barb cavalry slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				barbarian rebel general

rebel_type 			Roxolani	//Scythians
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Roxolani
unit				barb horse archers slave
unit				barb horse archers slave
unit				barb horse archers slave
unit				barb horse archers slave
unit				merc sarmatian cavalry
unit				barb archer slave
unit				barb archer slave
unit				barbarian rebel general

rebel_type 			Iazyges	//Scythians
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Iazyges
unit				barb horse archers slave
unit				barb horse archers slave
unit				barb horse archers slave
unit				barb cavalry slave
unit				barb archer slave
unit				barb archer slave
unit				barb archer slave
unit				barbarian rebel general

rebel_type 			Pannonian		// dacia
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Pannonian
unit				barb cavalry slave
unit				barb archer slave
unit				barb archer slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barbarian rebel general

rebel_type 			Senones		//gauls
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Senones
unit				barb cavalry slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				barb druids slave
unit				barbarian rebel general

rebel_type 			Carpi		//dacia
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Carpi
unit				barb cavalry slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb archer slave
unit				barb archer slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				merc bastarnae	
unit				barbarian rebel general

rebel_type 			Helvetii	//gauls
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Helvetii
unit				barb cavalry slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				barbarian rebel general

rebel_type 			Troglodytae	//thrace
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Troglodytae
unit				barb horse archers slave
unit				greek peltast
unit				greek peltast
unit				greek peltast
unit				greek peasant
unit				merc thracian
unit				merc thracian
;unit				barbarian rebel general

rebel_type 			Scordisci	//dacia
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Scordisci
unit				barb cavalry slave
unit				barb archer slave
unit				barb archer slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				barbarian rebel general

rebel_type 			Bosphorans	//thrace
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Bosphorans
unit				barb horse archers slave
unit				barb horse archers slave
unit				greek cavalry
unit				greek peasant
unit				greek peltast
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek hoplite
unit				greek general's guard cavalry early

rebel_type 			Chersonian	//thrace
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Chersonian
unit				barb horse archers slave
unit				greek cavalry
unit				greek peasant
unit				greek peltast
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek hoplite
unit				greek general's guard cavalry early

rebel_type 			Byzantine	//thrace
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Byzantine
unit				barb horse archers slave
unit				greek cavalry
unit				greek peasant
unit				greek peltast
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek hoplite
unit				greek general's guard cavalry early

rebel_type 			Pictones	//gauls
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Pictones
unit				barb cavalry slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				barbarian rebel general

rebel_type 			Aedui		//gauls
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Aedui
unit				barb cavalry slave
unit				barb noble cavalry slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb druids slave
unit				barbarian rebel general

rebel_type 			Colchians	//Armenia
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Colchians
unit				east horse archer
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east infantry
unit				east infantry
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Medes		//Parthia
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Medes
unit				east horse archer
unit				east horse archer
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east infantry
unit				east infantry
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Insubres	//gauls
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Insubres
unit				barb cavalry slave
unit				barb noble cavalry slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				barbarian rebel general

rebel_type 			Vocontii	//gauls
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Vocontii
unit				barb cavalry slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barbarian rebel general

rebel_type 			Breuci		//illyria
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Breuci
unit				barb cavalry slave
unit				barb archer slave
unit				barb archer slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barbarian rebel general

rebel_type 			Odrysae		//thrace
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				3
description			Odrysae
unit				greek cavalry
unit				greek peasant
unit				greek peltast
unit				greek peltast
unit				merc thracian
unit				merc thracian
unit				merc bastarnae	
unit				barbarian rebel general

rebel_type 			Iberians	//Spain
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				3
description			Iberians
unit				merc balearic slingers
unit				carthaginian peltast
unit				carthaginian peasant
unit				carthaginian infantry
unit				carthaginian infantry
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				merc spanish infantry
unit				barbarian rebel general

rebel_type 			Delmatae		//illyria
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Delmatae
unit				greek peasant
unit				greek peltast
unit				greek peltast
unit				greek peltast
unit				merc illyrian
unit				merc illyrian
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				generic rebel general

rebel_type 			Volcae		//gauls
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Volcae
unit				barb cavalry slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barbarian rebel general

rebel_type 			Ligurians	//gauls
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Ligurians
unit				barb cavalry slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				barbarian rebel general

rebel_type 			Paphlagonians	//Pontus
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Paphlagonians
unit				east heavy cavalry
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east infantry
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Paionians	//Macedon
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Paionians
unit				greek cavalry
unit				greek peasant
unit				greek peltast
unit				merc illyrian
unit				merc illyrian
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek general's guard cavalry early

rebel_type 			Etruscans	//romans
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Etruscans
unit				roman light cavalry
unit				roman peasant
unit				roman velite
unit				roman city militia
unit				roman hastati
unit				roman hastati
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				generic rebel general

rebel_type 			Umbrians	//romans
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Umbrians
unit				roman light cavalry
unit				roman peasant
unit				roman velite
unit				roman city militia
unit				roman city militia
unit				roman hastati
unit				roman hastati
unit				generic rebel general

rebel_type 			Beronicensis	//carthage
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Beronicensis
unit				carthaginian cavalry
unit				merc balearic slingers
unit				carthaginian peasant
unit				carthaginian peltast
unit				carthaginian peltast
unit				carthaginian city militia
unit				carthaginian city militia
unit				carthaginian general's cavalry early

rebel_type 			Latins		//Romans
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Latins
unit				roman light cavalry
unit				roman peasant
unit				roman velite
unit				roman city militia
unit				roman hastati
unit				roman hastati
unit				roman hastati
unit				generic rebel general

rebel_type 			Edones		//Macedon
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Edones
unit				greek cavalry
unit				greek medium cavalry
unit				greek peasant
unit				greek peltast
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek hoplite
unit				greek general's guard cavalry early

rebel_type 			Sithones	//Macedon
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Sithones
unit				greek cavalry
unit				greek peasant
unit				greek peltast
unit				greek heavy peltast
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				merc thracian
unit				greek general's guard cavalry early

rebel_type 			Bithynians	//thrace
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Bithynians
unit				greek cavalry
unit				greek peasant
unit				greek peltast
unit				greek heavy peltast
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				merc thracian
unit				greek general's guard cavalry early

rebel_type 			Galatians	//Gauls
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Galatians
unit				barb cavalry slave
unit				barb noble cavalry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				barbarian rebel general

rebel_type 			Cappadocians	//Pontus
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Cappadocians
unit				east heavy cavalry
unit				east heavy cavalry
unit				east heavy cavalry
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east infantry
unit				east infantry
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Epirots		//Macedon
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Epirots
unit				greek cavalry
unit				greek peasant
unit				greek peltast
unit				greek heavy peltast
unit				merc illyrian
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek hoplite
unit				greek general's guard cavalry early

rebel_type 			Calabrians	//romans_brutii
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Calabrians
unit				roman light cavalry
unit				roman peasant
unit				roman velite
unit				roman hastati
unit				merc samnite
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek hoplite
unit				generic rebel general

rebel_type 			Campanians 	//romans_scipii
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Campanians
unit				roman light cavalry
unit				roman peasant
unit				roman velite
unit				roman city militia
unit				roman city militia
unit				roman hastati
unit				merc samnite
unit				generic rebel general

rebel_type 			Syrians		//Seleucid
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Syrians
unit				east heavy cavalry
unit				east heavy cavalry
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east infantry
unit				east infantry
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Lesbians	//Macedon
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Lesbians
unit				greek cavalry
unit				greek medium cavalry
unit				greek peasant
unit				greek peltast
unit				greek heavy peltast
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek hoplite
unit				greek general's guard cavalry early

rebel_type 			Cilicians	//Seleucid
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Cilicians
unit				east heavy cavalry
unit				merc cilician pirate
unit				merc cilician pirate
unit				merc cilician pirate
unit				merc cilician pirate
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				generic rebel general

rebel_type 			Thessalians	//Macedon
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Thessalians
unit				greek cavalry
unit				greek cavalry
unit				greek medium cavalry
unit				greek peasant
unit				greek peltast
unit				greek heavy peltast
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek general's guard cavalry early

rebel_type 			Lucanians	//romans_brutii
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				3
description			Lucanians
unit				roman peasant
unit				roman velite
unit				roman city militia
unit				roman city militia
unit				roman hastati
unit				merc samnite
unit				merc samnite
unit				generic rebel general

rebel_type 			Ionians		//greek_cities
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Ionians
unit				greek cavalry
unit				greek peasant
unit				greek peltast
unit				greek heavy peltast
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek hoplite
unit				greek general's guard cavalry early

rebel_type 			Aetolians	//greek_cities
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Aetolians
unit				greek cavalry
unit				greek peasant
unit				greek peltast
unit				greek peltast
unit				greek heavy peltast
unit				greek heavy peltast
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek general's guard cavalry early

rebel_type 			Athenians	//greek_cities
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Athenians
unit				greek cavalry
unit				greek peasant
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek hoplite
unit				greek hoplite
unit				greek general's guard cavalry early

rebel_type 			Elamites	//Parthia
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Elamites
unit				east horse archer
unit				east heavy cavalry
unit				east heavy cavalry
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east infantry
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Achaeans	//greek_cities
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Achaeans
unit				greek cavalry
unit				greek peasant
unit				greek peltast
unit				greek heavy peltast
unit				greek heavy peltast
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek general's guard cavalry early

rebel_type 			Lycians		//Seleucid
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Lycians
unit				greek cavalry
unit				greek medium cavalry
unit				greek peasant
unit				greek peltast
unit				greek heavy peltast
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				merc cilician pirate
unit				greek general's guard cavalry early

rebel_type 			Sicani		//Carthage
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Sicani
unit				carthaginian cavalry
unit				carthaginian peasant
unit				carthaginian peltast
unit				carthaginian city militia
unit				carthaginian city militia
unit				carthaginian infantry
unit				carthaginian infantry
unit				carthaginian general's cavalry early

rebel_type 			Moors		//numidia
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Moors
unit				numidian cavalry
unit				numidian cavalry
unit				carthaginian peasant
unit				carthaginian peasant
unit				numidian javelinmen
unit				numidian javelinmen
unit				numidian javelinmen
unit				carthaginian general's cavalry early

rebel_type 			Palmyrans	//parthia
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Palmyrans
unit				east horse archer
unit				merc bedouin archers
unit				merc arab cavalry
unit				merc bedouin
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east infantry
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Cypriots	//greek_cities
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Cypriots
unit				greek peasant
unit				greek peltast
unit				greek heavy peltast
unit				merc cilician pirate
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek hoplite
unit				greek general's guard cavalry early

rebel_type 			Phoenicians	//carthage
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Phoenicians
unit				carthaginian cavalry
unit				carthaginian peasant
unit				carthaginian peltast
unit				carthaginian peltast
unit				carthaginian city militia
unit				carthaginian city militia
unit				carthaginian city militia
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Syracusans	//greek_cities
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Syracusans
unit				greek cavalry
unit				greek peasant
unit				greek peltast
unit				greek heavy peltast
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek hoplite
unit				greek general's guard cavalry early

rebel_type 			Helots		//greek_cities
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Helots
unit				greek peasant
unit				greek peasant
unit				greek peltast
unit				greek peltast
unit				greek peltast
unit				greek peltast
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek general's guard cavalry early

rebel_type 			Poeni		//Carthage
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Poeni
unit				carthaginian cavalry
unit				carthaginian peasant
unit				carthaginian peltast
unit				carthaginian peltast
unit				carthaginian city militia
unit				carthaginian city militia
unit				carthaginian infantry
unit				carthaginian general's cavalry early

rebel_type 			Rhodians	//greek_cities
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Rhodians
unit				merc rhodian slingers
unit				merc rhodian slingers
unit				greek peasant
unit				greek peltast
unit				greek heavy peltast
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek general's guard cavalry early

rebel_type 			Nabataeans	//parthia
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				3
description			Nabataeans
unit				merc bedouin archers
unit				merc arab cavalry
unit				merc bedouin
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east infantry
unit				east infantry
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Cretans		//greek_cities
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Cretans
unit				merc cretan archers
unit				merc cretan archers
unit				greek peasant
unit				greek peltast
unit				merc peltast
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek hoplite
unit				greek general's guard cavalry early

rebel_type 			Judaeans	//carthage
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				6
description			Judaeans
unit				east archer
unit				rebel judaean zealots
unit				rebel judaean zealots
unit				rebel judaean zealots
unit				rebel judaean zealots
unit				rebel judaean zealots
unit				rebel judaean zealots
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Gaetuli		//numidia
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				3
description			Gaetuli
unit				numidian cavalry
unit				numidian cavalry
unit				numidian cavalry
unit				carthaginian peasant
unit				numidian javelinmen
unit				numidian javelinmen
unit				numidian javelinmen
unit				carthaginian general's cavalry early

rebel_type 			Libyans		//egypt
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Libyans
unit				egyptian chariot
unit				egyptian peasant
unit				egyptian peltast
unit				egyptian peltast
unit				egyptian peltast
unit				egyptian archer
unit				egyptian archer
unit				generic rebel general

rebel_type 			Illyrians		//macedon
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				3
description			Illyrians
unit				greek cavalry
unit				greek peasant
unit				greek peltast
unit				greek peltast
unit				merc illyrian
unit				merc illyrian
unit				generic rebel general

rebel_type 			Massaliote		//greek_cities
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Massaliote
unit				barb cavalry slave
unit				barb archer slave
unit				barb archer slave
unit				greek peasant
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek hoplite
unit				greek general's guard cavalry early

rebel_type 			Tarantine		//greek_cities
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Tarantine
unit				greek cavalry
unit				greek cavalry
unit				greek medium cavalry
unit				greek peasant
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				merc samnite
unit				greek general's guard cavalry early

rebel_type 			Lugians		//Germans
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Lugians
unit				barb cavalry slave
unit				barb archer slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				barbarian rebel general

rebel_type 			Mamertine		//Romans
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Mamertine
unit				greek cavalry
unit				greek peasant
unit				roman velite
unit				roman velite
unit				roman hastati
unit				roman hastati
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				generic rebel general

rebel_type 			SardoPunic		//Carthage
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			SardoPunic
unit				carthaginian cavalry
unit				merc balearic slingers
unit				carthaginian peltast
unit				carthaginian peltast
unit				carthaginian peasant
unit				carthaginian city militia
unit				carthaginian city militia
unit				carthaginian general's cavalry early

rebel_type 			Massylian		//numidia
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Massylian
unit				numidian cavalry
unit				numidian cavalry
unit				numidian cavalry
unit				carthaginian peasant
unit				carthaginian peasant
unit				numidian javelinmen
unit				numidian javelinmen
unit				carthaginian general's cavalry early

rebel_type 			Musulamian		//numidia
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Musulamian
unit				numidian cavalry
unit				numidian cavalry
unit				numidian cavalry
unit				carthaginian peasant
unit				carthaginian peasant
unit				numidian javelinmen
unit				numidian javelinmen
unit				carthaginian general's cavalry early

rebel_type 			Massaesylian		//numidia
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Massaesylian
unit				numidian cavalry
unit				numidian cavalry
unit				numidian cavalry
unit				carthaginian peasant
unit				carthaginian peasant
unit				numidian javelinmen
unit				numidian javelinmen
unit				carthaginian general's cavalry early

rebel_type 			Mauretanian		//numidia
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Mauretanian
unit				numidian cavalry
unit				numidian cavalry
unit				numidian cavalry
unit				carthaginian peasant
unit				carthaginian peasant
unit				numidian javelinmen
unit				numidian javelinmen
unit				carthaginian general's cavalry early

rebel_type 			Nigritae		//numidia
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Nigritae
unit				numidian cavalry
unit				numidian cavalry
unit				numidian cavalry
unit				numidian javelinmen
unit				numidian javelinmen
unit				numidian javelinmen
unit				numidian javelinmen
unit				carthaginian general's cavalry early

rebel_type 			Troglodytian		//numidia
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Troglodytian
unit				numidian cavalry
unit				numidian cavalry
unit				numidian cavalry
unit				numidian cavalry
unit				numidian cavalry
unit				numidian cavalry
unit				numidian cavalry
unit				carthaginian general's cavalry early

rebel_type 			Liby_Phoenician		//Carthage
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Liby_Phoenician
unit				carthaginian cavalry
unit				merc libyan infantry
unit				merc libyan infantry
unit				merc libyan infantry
unit				carthaginian peasant
unit				carthaginian city militia
unit				carthaginian city militia
unit				carthaginian general's cavalry early

rebel_type 			Garamantian		//numidia
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Garamantian
unit				numidian cavalry
unit				numidian cavalry
unit				numidian cavalry
unit				numidian cavalry
unit				carthaginian cavalry
unit				merc libyan infantry
unit				merc libyan infantry
unit				carthaginian general's cavalry early

rebel_type 			Nasamones		//numidia
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Nasamones
unit				numidian cavalry
unit				numidian cavalry
unit				numidian cavalry
unit				numidian cavalry
unit				numidian cavalry
unit				merc libyan infantry
unit				merc libyan infantry
unit				carthaginian general's cavalry early

rebel_type 			Agisymban		//numidia
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Agisymban
unit				carthaginian peltast
unit				carthaginian peltast
unit				carthaginian peltast
unit				carthaginian peltast
unit				carthaginian peltast
unit				carthaginian peltast
unit				carthaginian peltast
unit				carthaginian general's cavalry early

rebel_type 			Emporiote		//greek_cities
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Emporiote
unit				carthaginian cavalry
unit				barb archer slave
unit				greek peasant
unit				carthaginian infantry
unit				carthaginian infantry
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek general's guard cavalry early

rebel_type 			Hemeroskopeiote		//greek_cities
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Hemeroskopeiote
unit				carthaginian cavalry
unit				greek peasant
unit				merc spanish infantry
unit				carthaginian infantry
unit				carthaginian infantry
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek general's guard cavalry early

rebel_type 			Turdetanian	//Spain
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Turdetanian
unit				merc balearic slingers
unit				carthaginian peltast
unit				carthaginian peasant
unit				carthaginian infantry
unit				carthaginian infantry
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				merc spanish infantry
unit				barbarian rebel general

rebel_type 			Celtiberian	//Spain
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Celtiberian
unit				carthaginian peltast
unit				carthaginian peasant
unit				carthaginian infantry
unit				carthaginian infantry
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				merc spanish infantry
unit				merc spanish infantry
unit				barbarian rebel general

rebel_type 			Cantabrian	//Spain
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Cantabrian
unit				carthaginian peltast
unit				carthaginian peasant
unit				carthaginian infantry
unit				carthaginian infantry
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				merc spanish infantry
unit				merc spanish infantry
unit				barbarian rebel general

rebel_type 			Asturian	//Spain
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Asturian
unit				carthaginian peltast
unit				carthaginian peasant
unit				carthaginian infantry
unit				carthaginian infantry
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				merc spanish infantry
unit				merc spanish infantry
unit				barbarian rebel general

rebel_type 			Lusitanian	//Spain
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Lusitanian
unit				carthaginian peltast
unit				carthaginian peasant
unit				carthaginian infantry
unit				carthaginian infantry
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				merc spanish infantry
unit				merc spanish infantry
unit				barbarian rebel general

rebel_type 			Histrian		//dacia
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Histrian
unit				barb cavalry slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				merc illyrian
unit				merc illyrian
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				greek hoplite
unit				barbarian rebel general

rebel_type 			Libernian		//dacia
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Libernian
unit				barb cavalry slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				merc illyrian
unit				merc illyrian
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				greek hoplite
unit				barbarian rebel general

rebel_type 			Daorsian		//dacia
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Daorsian
unit				barb cavalry slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				merc illyrian
unit				merc illyrian
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				barbarian rebel general

rebel_type 			Tauriscian		//gauls
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Tauriscian
unit				barb cavalry slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				barbarian rebel general

rebel_type 			Eraviscian		//gauls
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Eraviscian
unit				barb cavalry slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				barbarian rebel general

rebel_type 			Dardanian		//thrace
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				3
description			Dardanian
unit				greek cavalry
unit				greek peltast
unit				greek peltast
unit				merc thracian
unit				merc thracian
unit				merc bastarnae
unit				greek hoplite
unit				barbarian rebel general

rebel_type 			Daci		//dacia
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Daci
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb archer slave
unit				barb archer slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				merc bastarnae
unit				barbarian rebel general

rebel_type 			Getae		//dacia
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Getae
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb archer slave
unit				barb archer slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				merc bastarnae
unit				merc bastarnae
unit				barbarian rebel general

rebel_type 			Triballian		//thrace
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				3
description			Triballian
unit				greek cavalry
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				greek peltast
unit				greek peltast
unit				merc thracian
unit				merc thracian
unit				merc bastarnae
unit				barbarian rebel general

rebel_type 			Tyle		//gauls
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				3
description			Tyle
unit				barb cavalry slave
unit				barb noble cavalry slave
unit				barb archer slave
unit				merc thracian
unit				merc thracian
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				merc bastarnae
unit				barbarian rebel general

rebel_type 			Moesian		//thrace
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				3
description			Moesian
unit				greek cavalry
unit				greek peltast
unit				greek peltast
unit				merc thracian
unit				merc bastarnae
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				barbarian rebel general

rebel_type 			Emathian		//Macedon
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Emathian
unit				greek cavalry
unit				greek medium cavalry
unit				greek peasant
unit				greek peltast
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek hoplite
unit				greek general's guard cavalry early

rebel_type 			Pelagonian		//Macedon
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Pelagonian
unit				greek cavalry
unit				greek medium cavalry
unit				greek peasant
unit				greek peltast
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek hoplite
unit				greek general's guard cavalry early

rebel_type 			Boeotian	//greek_cities
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Boeotian
unit				greek cavalry
unit				greek peasant
unit				greek peltast
unit				greek heavy peltast
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek hoplite
unit				greek general's guard cavalry early

rebel_type 			Euboean	//greek_cities
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Euboean
unit				greek cavalry
unit				greek peasant
unit				greek peltast
unit				greek heavy peltast
unit				greek heavy peltast
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek general's guard cavalry early

rebel_type 			Arcadian	//greek_cities
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Arcadian
unit				greek cavalry
unit				greek peasant
unit				greek peltast
unit				greek heavy peltast
unit				greek heavy peltast
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek general's guard cavalry early

rebel_type 			Taurican	//Scythians
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Taurican
unit				barb horse archers slave
unit				barb horse archers slave
unit				barb horse archers slave
unit				barb cavalry slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb archer slave
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				barbarian rebel general

rebel_type 			Harpian	//dacia
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Harpian
unit				barb horse archers slave
unit				barb cavalry slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb archer slave
unit				barb archer slave
unit				barb archer slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barbarian rebel general

rebel_type 			Agathyrsian	//Scythians
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Agathyrsian
unit				barb horse archers slave
unit				barb cavalry slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb archer slave
unit				barb archer slave
unit				barb archer slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barbarian rebel general

rebel_type 			Siraces	//Scythians
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Siraces
unit				barb horse archers slave
unit				barb horse archers slave
unit				barb horse archers slave
unit				merc sarmatian cavalry
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb archer slave
unit				barb archer slave
unit				barbarian rebel general

rebel_type 			Hunni		//Scythians
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Hunni
unit				east horse archer
unit				east horse archer
unit				east horse archer
unit				east horse archer
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Asii		//Scythians
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Asii
unit				east horse archer
unit				east horse archer
unit				east horse archer
unit				east horse archer
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Issedones		//Scythians
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Issedones
unit				east horse archer
unit				east horse archer
unit				east horse archer
unit				east horse archer
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Massagetae		//Parthia
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Massagetae
unit				east horse archer
unit				east horse archer
unit				east horse archer
unit				east horse archer
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Tocharian		//Parthia
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Tocharian
unit				east horse archer
unit				east horse archer
unit				east horse archer
unit				east horse archer
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Khotanese		//Parthia
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Khotanese
unit				east horse archer
unit				east horse archer
unit				east horse archer
unit				east horse archer
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Seres	//Parthia
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Seres
unit				east horse archer
unit				east horse archer
unit				merc sarmatian cavalry
unit				merc sarmatian cavalry
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east infantry
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Asmiraian		//Parthia
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Asmiraian
unit				east horse archer
unit				east horse archer
unit				east horse archer
unit				east horse archer
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Sogdian		//Parthia
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Sogdian
unit				east horse archer
unit				east horse archer
unit				east horse archer
unit				merc sarmatian cavalry
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east infantry
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Baktrian		//seleucids
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Baktrian
unit				east horse archer
unit				east horse archer
unit				merc sarmatian cavalry
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek hoplite
unit				greek general's guard cavalry early

rebel_type 			Chorasmian		//Parthia
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Chorasmian
unit				east horse archer
unit				merc sarmatian cavalry
unit				merc sarmatian cavalry
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east infantry
unit				east infantry
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Amardian		//Scythians
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Amardian
unit				east horse archer
unit				east horse archer
unit				east horse archer
unit				east horse archer
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Dahae		//Parthia
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Dahae
unit				east horse archer
unit				east horse archer
unit				east horse archer
unit				east horse archer
unit				merc sarmatian cavalry
unit				merc sarmatian cavalry
unit				east archer
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Margian		//Parthia
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Margian
unit				east horse archer
unit				merc sarmatian cavalry
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east infantry
unit				east infantry
unit				east infantry
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Cyrenaican	//greek_cities
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Cyrenaican
unit				greek cavalry
unit				greek peasant
unit				egyptian peltast
unit				egyptian peltast
unit				greek heavy peltast
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek hoplite
unit				greek general's guard cavalry early

rebel_type 			Egyptian	//egyptian
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Egyptian
unit				egyptian chariot
unit				egyptian archer
unit				egyptian archer
unit				egyptian peasant
unit				egyptian peltast
unit				egyptian peltast
unit				egyptian peltast
unit				egyptian general's bodyguard early

rebel_type 			Nubian	//egyptian
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Nubian
unit				egyptian archer
unit				egyptian archer
unit				egyptian archer
unit				egyptian archer
unit				egyptian peasant
unit				egyptian peltast
unit				egyptian peltast
unit				egyptian general's bodyguard early

rebel_type 			Blemmyan	//egyptian
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Blemmyan
unit				egyptian archer
unit				egyptian archer
unit				egyptian peasant
unit				egyptian peltast
unit				egyptian peltast
unit				egyptian peltast
unit				egyptian peltast
unit				egyptian general's bodyguard early

rebel_type 			Meroitian	//egyptian
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Meroitian
unit				egyptian archer
unit				egyptian archer
unit				egyptian archer
unit				egyptian peasant
unit				egyptian peltast
unit				egyptian peltast
unit				egyptian peltast
unit				egyptian general's bodyguard early

rebel_type 			Daamat	//egyptian
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Daamat
unit				egyptian archer
unit				egyptian archer
unit				egyptian peasant
unit				egyptian peltast
unit				egyptian peltast
unit				egyptian peltast
unit				egyptian peltast
unit				egyptian general's bodyguard early

rebel_type 			Macrobian	//egyptian
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Macrobian
unit				egyptian archer
unit				egyptian archer
unit				egyptian archer
unit				egyptian archer
unit				egyptian peasant
unit				egyptian peltast
unit				egyptian peltast
unit				egyptian general's bodyguard early

rebel_type 			Aksumite	//egyptian
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Aksumite
unit				egyptian archer
unit				egyptian archer
unit				egyptian peasant
unit				egyptian peltast
unit				egyptian peltast
unit				egyptian peltast
unit				egyptian peltast
unit				egyptian general's bodyguard early

rebel_type 			Cyenean	//egyptian
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Cyenean
unit				egyptian peasant
unit				egyptian peltast
unit				egyptian peltast
unit				egyptian peltast
unit				egyptian peltast
unit				egyptian peltast
unit				egyptian peltast
unit				egyptian general's bodyguard early

rebel_type 			Sabaean	//parthia
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Sabaean
unit				merc bedouin archers
unit				merc arab cavalry
unit				merc arab cavalry
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east peasant
unit				east infantry
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Hadhramut	//parthia
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Hadhramut
unit				merc bedouin archers
unit				merc bedouin
unit				merc bedouin
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east infantry
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Lihyan	//parthia
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Lihyan
unit				merc bedouin archers
unit				merc bedouin
unit				merc bedouin
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east infantry
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Maka	//parthia
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Maka
unit				merc bedouin archers
unit				merc arab cavalry
unit				merc arab cavalry
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east infantry
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Gerrhan	//parthia
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Gerrhan
unit				merc arab cavalry
unit				merc arab cavalry
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east infantry
unit				east infantry
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Qedarite	//parthia
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Qedarite
unit				merc bedouin archers
unit				merc bedouin archers
unit				merc bedouin
unit				merc bedouin
unit				merc arab cavalry
unit				merc arab cavalry
unit				east peasant
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Decapoliote		//seleucids
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Decapoliote
unit				carthaginian cavalry
unit				greek peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				rebel judaean zealots
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek general's guard cavalry early

rebel_type 			Assyrian		//Parthia
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Assyrian
unit				east heavy cavalry
unit				east heavy cavalry
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek hoplite
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Babylonian		//Parthia
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Babylonian
unit				east heavy cavalry
unit				east heavy cavalry
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek hoplite
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Sumerian		//Parthia
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Sumerian
unit				east heavy cavalry
unit				east heavy cavalry
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek hoplite
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Pergamene	//thrace
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Pergamene
unit				greek cavalry
unit				greek peasant
unit				greek peltast
unit				greek heavy peltast
unit				merc thracian
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek hoplite
unit				greek general's guard cavalry early

rebel_type 			Carian		//greek_cities
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Carian
unit				greek cavalry
unit				greek peasant
unit				greek peltast
unit				greek heavy peltast
unit				greek heavy peltast
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek general's guard cavalry early

rebel_type 			Pamphylian		//Seleucid
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Pamphylian
unit				greek cavalry
unit				greek medium cavalry
unit				greek peasant
unit				greek peltast
unit				greek heavy peltast
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				merc cilician pirate
unit				greek general's guard cavalry early

rebel_type 			Lydian		//Seleucid
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Lydian
unit				east heavy cavalry
unit				greek medium cavalry
unit				greek medium cavalry
unit				greek peasant
unit				greek peltast
unit				greek heavy peltast
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek general's guard cavalry early

rebel_type 			Phrygian		//pontus
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Phrygian
unit				east heavy cavalry
unit				east heavy cavalry
unit				greek peasant
unit				greek peltast
unit				greek heavy peltast
unit				greek heavy peltast
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Lycaonian		//pontus
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Lycaonian
unit				greek medium cavalry
unit				east heavy cavalry
unit				greek peasant
unit				greek peltast
unit				greek heavy peltast
unit				greek heavy peltast
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Trapezuntine		//pontus
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Trapezuntine
unit				east heavy cavalry
unit				greek peasant
unit				east archer
unit				greek heavy peltast
unit				greek heavy peltast
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Suppani	//Armenia
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Suppani
unit				east horse archer
unit				east heavy cavalry
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east infantry
unit				east infantry
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Urartian	//Armenia
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Urartian
unit				east horse archer
unit				east heavy cavalry
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east infantry
unit				east infantry
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Alarodian	//Armenia
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Alarodian
unit				east horse archer
unit				east heavy cavalry
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east infantry
unit				east infantry
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Iberian	//Armenia
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Iberian
unit				east horse archer
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east infantry
unit				east infantry
unit				east infantry
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Albanian	//Armenia
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Albanian
unit				east horse archer
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east infantry
unit				east infantry
unit				east infantry
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Atropatene		//Parthia
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Atropatene
unit				east horse archer
unit				east horse archer
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east infantry
unit				east infantry
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Persian		//Parthia
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Persian
unit				east horse archer
unit				east horse archer
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east infantry
unit				east infantry
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Parthian		//Parthia
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Parthian
unit				east horse archer
unit				east horse archer
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east infantry
unit				east infantry
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Parni		//Parthia
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Parni
unit				east horse archer
unit				east horse archer
unit				east horse archer
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east infantry
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Arian		//Parthia
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Arian
unit				east horse archer
unit				east horse archer
unit				east horse archer
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east infantry
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Carmanian		//Parthia
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Carmanian
unit				east horse archer
unit				east horse archer
unit				east horse archer
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east infantry
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Arachosian		//Parthia
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Arachosian
unit				east horse archer
unit				east horse archer
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east infantry
unit				east infantry
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Paropamisidaen		//Parthia
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Paropamisidaen
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east infantry
unit				east infantry
unit				east infantry
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Gandhara		//Indian
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Gandhara
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east infantry
unit				east infantry
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Asvaka		//Indian
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Asvaka
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east infantry
unit				east infantry
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Taxilan		//Indian
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Taxilan
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east infantry
unit				east infantry
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Indo_Greek		//Indian
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Indo_Greek
unit				east peasant
unit				greek medium cavalry
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				greek heavy peltast
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek hoplite
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Purus		//Indian
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Purus
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east infantry
unit				east infantry
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Yaudheya		//Indian
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Yaudheya
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east infantry
unit				east infantry
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Sivi		//Indian
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Sivi
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east infantry
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Sauviran		//Indian
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Sauviran
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east infantry
unit				east infantry
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Patalene		//Indian
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Patalene
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east infantry
unit				east infantry
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Kaccha		//Indian
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Kaccha
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east infantry
unit				east infantry
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Saurastra		//Indian
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Saurastra
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east infantry
unit				east infantry
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Avanti		//Indian
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Avanti
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east infantry
unit				east infantry
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Aparanta		//Indian
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Aparanta
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east infantry
unit				east infantry
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Mulaka		//Indian
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Mulaka
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east infantry
unit				east infantry
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Dandaka		//Indian
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Dandaka
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east infantry
unit				east infantry
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Matsya		//Indian
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Matsya
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east infantry
unit				east infantry
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Shurasena		//Indian
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Shurasena
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east infantry
unit				east infantry
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Kuru		//Indian
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Kuru
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east infantry
unit				east infantry
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Pancala		//Indian
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Pancala
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east infantry
unit				east infantry
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Cedi		//Indian
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Cedi
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east infantry
unit				east infantry
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Kosola		//Indian
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Kosola
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east infantry
unit				east infantry
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Kasi		//Indian
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Kasi
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east infantry
unit				east infantry
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Malla		//Indian
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Malla
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east infantry
unit				east infantry
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Vidarbha		//Indian
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Vidarbha
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east infantry
unit				east infantry
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Pulinda		//Indian
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Pulinda
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east infantry
unit				east infantry
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Asmaka		//Indian
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Asmaka
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east infantry
unit				east infantry
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Savara		//Indian
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Savara
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east infantry
unit				east infantry
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Andhra		//Indian
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Andhra
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east infantry
unit				east infantry
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Kalinga		//Indian
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Kalinga
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east infantry
unit				east infantry
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Suhma		//Indian
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Suhma
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east infantry
unit				east infantry
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Vrji		//Indian
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Vrji
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east infantry
unit				east infantry
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Magadha		//Indian
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Magadha
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east infantry
unit				east infantry
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Anga		//Indian
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Anga
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east infantry
unit				east infantry
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Radha		//Indian
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Radha
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east infantry
unit				east infantry
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Vanga		//Indian
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Vanga
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east infantry
unit				east infantry
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Pundra		//Indian
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Pundra
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east infantry
unit				east infantry
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Samatata		//Indian
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Samatata
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east infantry
unit				east infantry
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Kuntala		//Indian
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Kuntala
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east infantry
unit				east infantry
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Kamarupa		//Indian
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Kamarupa
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east infantry
unit				east infantry
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Sattyaputra		//Indian
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Sattyaputra
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east infantry
unit				east infantry
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Mahisha		//Indian
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Mahisha
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east infantry
unit				east infantry
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Chera		//Indian
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Chera
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east infantry
unit				east infantry
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Chola		//Indian
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Chola
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east infantry
unit				east infantry
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Pandya		//Indian
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Pandya
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east infantry
unit				east infantry
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			Tamraparni		//Indian
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0
description			Tamraparni
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east infantry
unit				east infantry
unit				eastern rebel general

rebel_type 			TerraIncognita		//numidia
category			peasant_revolt
chance				8
description			TerraIncognita
unit				cheat oliphants

;;;;;;;;;;;;		;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;				
;non region			based
;;;;;;;;;;;;		;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;

rebel_type			gladiator_uprising
category			gladiator_revolt
chance				100
description			gladiator_uprising
unit				roman peasant
unit				roman peasant
unit				roman velite gladiator
unit				roman samnite gladiator
unit				roman mirmillo gladiator

rebel_type			brigands
category			brigands
chance				50
description			brigands
unit				merc peltast
unit				merc illyrian
unit				merc samnite
unit				merc thracian
unit				merc bastarnae
unit				merc sarmatian cavalry
unit				merc horse archers
unit				merc spanish infantry
unit				merc eastern infantry
unit				merc rhodian slingers
unit				merc cretan archers
unit				merc greek hoplites
unit				merc libyan infantry
unit				merc numidian cavalry
unit				merc arab cavalry
unit				merc bedouin
unit				merc bedouin archers
unit				merc balearic slingers
unit				merc barbarian infantry
unit				merc barbarian cavalry

rebel_type			pirates
category			pirates
chance				50
description			pirates
unit				naval pirate ships

